In this version three classes are used:
drvMBus     This is a standalone class that does all modbus IO.  An instance of
            this class is accessed via a pointer.
drvBkhAsyn  This class handles communication with basic Beckhoff systems.
            It can be used to build an IOC for use with most bBeckhoff hardware
            excluding the stepper motor controllers.
drvBkhAMot  This class is based on drvBkhAsyn class and is intended for
            controlling stepper motors via the Beckhoff KL2531 and KL2541
            bus terminals.

Presently, the low priority message queue is using max number of messages
of 500 and the High priority message is using 300.  All initial reading of
register values is done via the high priority message queue.  Each motor
stepper control driver object is initializing 31 hidden registers.  This
results in 3x or 93 IOs per driver object.  The 300 value may need to be
increased for a larger setup.

Last modified on 7/29/2013 (zms)

In Feb of 2015, rewrite the motor class to add homing functions.  This also
required modifications to consolidate all motor parameters into one object
of the class.  Some small modifications were also needed in the Beckhoff base
class.

Known problems:
1. When a stage is homed and the home button is pressed again before the stage
  is moved, this needs to be aborted by using the Stop button.  To put it
  differently, homing can't be done if the stage is at home position and the
  stage was not yet moved since it was homed.
2. When the stage is moved to the limit thus activating a limit switch, the
  motion is stopped.  Of the three buttons to start motion only the relative
  move button to move the stage away from the limit is active.  The problem
  is that the Go button should also be enabled if the absolute move setup in
  input widget would result in a move away from the limit.  Presently this
  is not working.
3. When the IOC is restarted, it does not know if the stage is homed or not
  eventhough the Beckhoff controller still has the correct home position
  defined.  The home position is defined as 0 position.  This information
  is lost if the Beckhoff controller is power cycled.
