1/20/2015, zms
In this release the handling of "at limit" situation is reworked.  Previously,
when a stage motion was stopped as a limit swith was activated, the operator
needed to press a push button to move the stage away from the limit switch.
In this release changes are made such that the operator can move the stage
away from the activated limit switch by pressing the push buttons used for
normal motion, while the buttons used to move the stage towards the activated
limit switch remain disabled until the motion stops.

2/25/2014, zms
In this release more code is added to allow the home position be defined to be
either at negative limit switch, positive limit switch, or a current position.
More code is added to home the stage according to definition of home.
If home is defined at a limit switch, then the motor is driven to the limit
switch, when the limit switch is activated, the motion is reversed and the
stage moved slowly until the limit switch is deactivated and this position is
marked as home.
If home is defined as a current position, then the current position is marked
as home.
If the stage is not equipped with limit switches, then only home at current
position is allowed.
A function callable from st.cmd file
  drvBkhAMotSetup( int hometype,int neglim,int poslim)
where hometype can be either
      0 at negative limit switch,
      1 at current position,
      2 at positive limit switch.
      neglim if 1, have a negative limit switch, if 0 do not have one,
      poslim if 1, have a positive limit switch, if 0 do not have one.
Negative limit switch is reached by driving the motor in the direction of
decreasing step count direction, and the positive limit switch is reached by
driving the motor in the direction of increasing step count direction.

Note that one can connect motor coil wires to the controller to get the motor
rotate in the desired direction.  To put it differently, by adjusting the
direction of motor rotation, either of the two limit switches could be defined
either positive or negative.

3/2/2015, zms
In this release functionality was added to home the stage.  A new function
drvBkhAMotSetup( const char* port,int hometype,int neglim,int poslim)
was added, which is callable from st.cmd file.  It is used to define homing
parameters:
hometype: 1 home at negative switch, 2 make home at current
            position, 3 home at positive switch.
neglim if 1 limit switch present at negative position.
poslim if 1 limit switch present at positive position.
If either neglim or poslim is 0, that limit switch is not present.
Implementing the homing functions required some code reorganization.  This
is reflected in how the motor driver is configured in the st.cmd file.
In this release, one object is created for each axis.  Previously, three
objects were created.
